CryptoSecret Lightpaper
=======================

Lauch version 1.0
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

## Table of contents 1 - Introduction 2 - Description of Services 3 -
Rewards for Services 4 - Governance and bureaucracy 5 - Community and
Social 6 - Technology and Developers 7 - Token Utility 8 - Project
Intergrity & Trust Factor 9 - Project Goals 10 - Project
Development/Timeline 11 - Useful Terms and definitions

Introduction
------------

The cryptoSecret network is blockchain based decentralized financial
system. CryptoSecret is here to offer the full banking suite traditional
offered in regular financial system but we are doing this in a
trustless, decentralized and public governance system.

The growth in cryptocurrency industry is largely driven by Defi apps
which accounts for more than 50% of the total market capitalization
listed on coinmarketcap and some of the to Top Defi services like
Uniswap, Sushiswap, pancakeswap, Comp and others have more than 1
billion dollars in market capitalization with hundreds of thousands in
financial activities.

Description of Services
-----------------------

CPS\_FARMING:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Is a decentralized automated protocol fashioned according to the YAM
protocol where digital assests are farmed and harvested. You can earn
cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Eth, BNB, at the most profitable annual
percentage in the market.

CPS\_Saving:
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Is an automated protocol where you lock up your cryptoassets in
timelocked or valuelocked protocol which only accesible to your wallet
for withdrawal when the time is due.

CPS\_LOAN & LENDING:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Is an automated protocol that would be implemented using the yearn
finance protocol fork where loans are provided against collaterized
crypto assests.

CPS\_DECENTRALIZED EXCHANGE:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

is a automated maker protocol where cryptocurrency or digitized token or
shares are made avaiilable for users of the platform to buy and sell. we
would not be operating a full blown dex, only popular currencies or
tokens would be selected and curated for trades.

GlobalBanking service:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

we would make deposits and withdrawal of funds possible from any where
in the world by leveraging on the wide spread and interconnectivity of
the blockchain technology and also we would try to make this experience
seamless even when conducting off-chain transactions by provision of
credit and debit cards that would be tied to your decentralized wallet
or account.

Rewards for Services
--------------------

how do we make profits from our services:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Each of the above services would come with a minimal one off transaction
fee which would be charged to the wallet of the user. As a
differenciating factor from traditional systems where these fees are
usually significantly high, we would be charging very little for each
transaction and unlike traditional systems where the organisation keeps
all its profits to itself, therefore enriching a few people or the
capitalist heirachy, these generated fees would be split according to
the percentage of investment to the staking and investing community
whose decision and guidiance would sustain the direction and development
of this entity.

Governance and bureaucracy
--------------------------

In sustainance to the growing culture of decentralized entities, an
on-chain governance board is being built into the main structure of this
organisation and all decision making would subjected to a continous
on-chain voting system, where registered voters are to give consent to
proposals, budgets, actions to even lock and unlock treasuries and so
on. anyone can easily initiate a proposal right from the frontpage and
back it and the community would vote in favor or against the proposal
which the result will be visible for all to see.

## Community and Social These are users of this facility who hold the
minimum Utility Token for partcipation in activities. These Token
holders would be responsible for the growth and direction of this
organisation. they would propose new ideas and vote for the accpetance
of policy changes. Member eligiblity is a valid holder of the project's
token Of " 7 CPST" The expected minimum wallet users that would kick-in
a truly decentralised community is expected at 3000 unique wallets or
users. when the minimum is achieved, then the dentralised system would
come to effect when it drops below 3000 users or wallets, a custody team
would be incharge, and that custody team would be members with high net
token value and top-level access to its technical infrastructure.

**Forum and Social Media:** there will be a consistent social forum
where members can share opinions with other members. The social
interactions is neccesary to drive cohesion and organise public
objectives quite quickly. The official social media will be listed in
the organisation's website

Technology and Developers
-------------------------

**Development: ** development is open and available to all who wants to
contribute new features and or provide security audits or bug-hunts and
the source materials are open-sourced and public licenced. This is done
in tradition to the blockchain community where open-sourced information
is highly priced. **Technology stack:** FrontEnd - React.js, Next.js,
ReactNative && Backend - solidity, nodejs,

Token Utility
-------------

CryptoSecret Token is a utiliy cryptocurrency that would act like the
blood for the organisation. It would serve as a conveyor of value from
one point to the other. This token is distributed to backers and
investors, to community members, to service providers and to those who
wants to use the provided services within the ecosystem. This token in
simple terms is the main identifyer for all members of the community in
the sense that you are considered a member of the community when you
hold a certain amount of this token. Holding the token gives you the
right to vote and participate in governance, the right to earn from all
generated profits, the right to enjoy discounts on our products and
services and many more incentives as they are rolled out. The total
supply of the token is capped at seven million + 18 decimal units which
should be numerically represented thus - **7000000.000000000000000000**
due to the limited nature of this currency, it is expected that scarcity
would enable deflationary characteristics on it value and it might make
the value to be significantly higher when mass adoption sets in compared
to the price of it debut. The cryptocurrency has inbuilt **Burn**
function which is meant to destroy the currency or take it out of
circulation and **Permit** function which would allow service providers
to spend funds from the wallet of users upon adequate permisions,
without needing to pay for gas fees or incuring any transaction cost.
The burn function is introduced in CryptoSecret Token in anticipation of
upgrades and other functional difficulties that may result in the token
been taken out of circulation which the community would have assented to
through the governance feature. CryptoSecret Token on debut would be
listed in pancakeswap and adequate liquidity would be provided to enable
trading or staking or accumulation of this utility cryptocurrency. and
the default price would be **0.005** dollars for **1 CPST**. The Token
will continually be listed in different exchanges including Binance and
other top exchanges to provide adequate exposure and attract liquidity
and community participation.

**How to BUY Token:** A device with capability to hold a wallet that can
interact with a blockchain, example Metamask, or Trustwallet. A
cryptocurrency that is listed as a trading pair with the cryptosecret
such as BNB, BITCOIN, ETH, USDT, BUSD, USDC and others as they are made
avaiable by the liquidity providers. Proceed to the listed exchanges and
swap your available cryptocurrency for CPST after which you will be
prompted for permission to spend your coins and pay for transaction
fees.

Project Intergrity & Trust Factor
---------------------------------

To boost the confidence of users of this platform, we have taken the
industry standard intergrity test by locking up all the funds in the
liquidity pool LP for a period of 4 months. This process is been done
with a very trusted third-party service named cryptlock **smartcontract
for the lock** with it source code duly audited and it reputation within
the industry very respectable. The locked liquidity funds is done with a
timelock smart contract, where the locked funds can not be withdrawn or
transfered untill the time has elapsed. only the wallet that initiated
the lock can access the funds when its available for withdrawal. To
further increase credibility, only 24 hours window is open after the
elapse of the locked time, before it automatically locks again for
another 4 months, therefore if withdrwal is to be made from the
liquidity pool, members would have to decide using the governance
mechanism where votes will determine the outcome. The treasury account
would also be placed on a locked smart contract for 6 months after the
initial launch. same for the development account for 4 months the lauch
circulation value would be 20% for the public and 5% for the development
and management.

**Token distribution:** CryptoSecret token is distrubuted in three (3)
groups,

Community group - 70% of total Token Development and management group -
20% of total Token Founders Group - 10% of total Token

The release of this funds will be gradually implemented in phases and
the reserves would be kept in a treasury wallet. The development and
mangement funds would be used for further upgrades and fixes of the
system. For a continous sustainability of the whole infrastructure, 20%
of all monthly profits would also be credited to the development account
and the community would make do with the remainder. This is a foundation
proposal and it may be subject to change as the users grow and as the
whole organisation takes form.

Project Goals
-------------

**Project foundation:** A very robust community is needed for this
entity to thrive and therefore we are working to provide inclusiveness
to persons that ordinarily does not have access to many decentralized
systems and features, and those lacking access to traditional finance
products and services. We are bridging this gap by providing products
and services that is simple to understand and easy to use with a
one-stop place for all the financial needs. We understand that it
requires some levels of technical ability for someone to hop from one
Decentralized application like Uniswap and Aave protocol in search for
services whether for trading, loans or just to initiate a timelocked
service, therefore the need for us to intergrate all these services in
one platform even thou it may be operated in the most minimal viable
template. We are also aiming to provide this service to over 10 milllion
users ranging from mostly from the financially excluded to those who
wants the ease of conducting all their services in one trusted platform
and all manner of users anywhere and everywhere.

Project Development/Timeline
----------------------------

Projects listed for development is not compulsorily neccesary that all
projects must be developed, and even if all the projects may be
developed, they certainly would not occure within the same time. The
launch of this project would be debuted with a decentralized exchange
for a kick off, the first service to be delivered would be the
decentralized exchage where popular and curated cryptocurrencies or
token can be traded. This is go give direction and confidence to users
and investors. The next Project to come online would be the SecretGarden
service, where users can farm and make profits in other cryptocurrencies
by staking the native token of this platform which is "CPST"

Useful Terms and definitions
----------------------------

Liquidity pool: A liquidity pool is a collection of funds locked in a
smart contract. Liquidity pools are used to facilitate decentralized
trading, lending, and many more functions .

Liquidity pools are the backbone of many decentralized exchanges (DEX),
such as
`Uniswap <https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-uniswap-and-how-does-it-work>`__.
Users called liquidity providers (LP) add an equal value of two tokens
in a pool to create a market. In exchange for providing their funds,
they earn trading fees from the trades that happen in their pool,
proportional to their share of the total liquidity.

Liquidity Mining: Defi Token staking : This a way of Providing Tokens
especially popular ones for new Decentralized financial projects for
high returns annually

Tokenomics: Tokenomics is the new economics of studying the distribution
of a crypto Token. How a Token is distributed is a determining factor to
watch for fraud or other manipulating tendencies. Crypto whales are
investors who hold a large amount of a Token. These whales have the
ability to influnce or manipulate a Token price. CryptoSecret Token aims
to distribute the token to as many people as possible thereby reducing
the possibility of a single entity controlling a large stake of the
Token.

Total supply: The total supply of a Token is the amount that can ever
exist for a Token. But some Token are mintable, which means more can be
created and brought into circulation Ethereum is a popular example of a
continuous mintable token, while others like Bitcoin and CryptoSecret
Token has a fixed supply limit and can never be added to it. The supply
of a Token has a big impact on the price discovery of that asset.

Market Capitalization: This is a metrics that measure the total amount
that has been traded for a cryptocurrency in relation to the total
supply.

Token farming

    Written with `StackEdit <https://stackedit.io/>`__
